Hi guys, in this tuto I want to show you
how to install Queen 3.6
locally in your PC uh without internet
connection. Okay, let's
Okay, first thing first, download the LM
Studio from the LM Studio AI website.
After downloading this program,
launch it.
Okay, now we want to load the model.
If you want to see how to download and
start the G4, you can watch uh the video
on the description. Okay, let's search
for our model.
Okay, search for result.
Okay, let's see.
Okay, let's search for queen six.
Okay, this is the final version of this
program we want to download right now.
Search like this and select it. After
that,
go here and choose any model as you
want. Okay, for me want to choose this
key. It works best for 12 GB of VRAM for
8 GB of VRAM long memory
uh GPU. After that, click download and
the downloading is begin.
Okay, fine. Download is uh completed.
Now you can load it from this. Okay,
let's load this model. Or you can go
right here and choose the model as you
want. Okay, for me, this is my model.
Let's uh add Okay, let's see. I want to
create Instagram.
Yeah.
Okay, let's see. It's linking right now.
Okay, let's close the internet and let's
see it works or not because it's it's
local.
Okay, as you can see, it works fine
without the internet.